Fix docs for west command for custom config repo (#1031)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/development/build-flash.md

west build -b nice_nano -- -DSHIELD=kyria_left -DZMK_CONFIG="C:/Users/myUser/Documents/Github/zmk-config/config"
```

> Note: The above command must be invoked from the `zmk/app` directory, or alternatively you will need to add the `-s /path/to/zmk/app` flag to your `west` command. Otherwise, you will see errors such as `ERROR: source directory "." does not contain a CMakeLists.txt; is this really what you want to build?`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution
The above command must still be invoked from the `zmk/app` directory as noted above, rather than the config directory. Otherwise, you will encounter errors such as `ERROR: source directory "." does not contain a CMakeLists.txt; is this really what you want to build?`. Alternatively you can add the `-s /path/to/zmk/app` flag to your `west` command.
:::
```
Thanks! A suggestion above to address two things:
- Converting `Note:` to a caution box
- Acknowledging that this was already noted at the beginning of the page, but repeated here for emphasis

Author: Sure thing! Thank you for the enhancement.
